444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

    In 3 decades, computer and digital computing technologies were developed greatly fast. This great development impacted the world a lot.
  People can use the Internet faster and easier, and they can use free calling through the Internet not using phone like skype or facebook
  call. In addition, the development of the digital computing helps to fight against poverty or to suuport economic development such as
  donation on the Internet or banking services and social network services. 

    First of all, the digital computing directly supports for economic development and fighting poverty. By globalizing the world, people 
  start to donate internationally and for this, people need to know the information about who is struggling the poor. However, it is
  impossible to know individually. Therefore, the company finds people who need to be supported and people just need to join the program
  though the Internet. By development of the Internet, the process of the donation becomes more easier and faster. Although this easier 
  and faster process can be abused by fraud or hacking that just steal the money and using for them, the technology help people to face
  the donation easier and lighter feeling because people can simply choose whether they support continuously or just once. 
  
   Not only the donation or banking system, poor countries can spread their newses through Social Network Services(SNS). Even just 30 years ago,
  the journalist had to go to the countries where they need to cover the cases. However, the world changed. People don't want to read long
  and detail newses for short time in this busy world. They need something that can be read quick and simple. Therefore, people started to
  enjoy the SNSs a lot. Like Facebook and Twitter, there are newses uploaded by the users and uploaded by the professional journalists 
  who work for publishing company, and there are a lot of newses about worldwide problems and mostly poverty and make and spread the 
  atmosphere to help them. In spite of the problem that there are a lot of newses that people should need to distinguish whether the 
  newses are fraud or the facts, the interest of people about the poverty is helpful to change the world.
  
    Digital computing technology impacts the world greatly though the Internet and globalization. The technology attracts people interested
  to the worldwide problem. As yet,there are a lot of adisadvantages and advantages, and there are many problems to solve. However, the
  digital computing technology can help more than now if the technology and its security developed more and more in the future. Those
  can change and rise the civic awareness and the civic awareness toward the problem changes the world. 
